add counter reset support (#152)
elastic/elastic-integration-corpus-generator-tool: docs/fields-configuration.md

- `counter` *optional (`long` and  `double` type only)*: if set to `true` values will be generated only ever-increasing. If `fuzziness` is not defined, the positive delta from the previous value will be totally random and unbounded. For example, assuming `counter: true`, assuming a `int` field type and with first value generated `10.`, will generate the second value with any random value greater than `10`, like `11` or `987615243`. If `fuzziness` is defined, the value will be generated within a positive delta defined by `fuzziness` from the previous value. For example, `fuzziness: 0.1`, assuming `counter: true` , assuming a `double` field type and with first value generated `10.`, will generate the second value in the range between `10.` and `11.`. Assuming the second value generated will be `10.5`, the third one will be generated in the range between `10.5` and `11.55`, and so on. If both `counter: true` and at least one of `range.min` or `range.max` settings are defined an error will be returned and the generator will stop.

> - `counter_reset` *optional (only applicable when `counter: true`)*: configures how and when the counter should reset. It has the following sub-fields:
>   - `strategy` *mandatory*: defines the reset strategy. Possible values are:
>       - `"random"`: resets the counter at random intervals.
>       - `"probabilistic"`: resets the counter based on a probability.
>       - `"after_n"`: resets the counter after a specific number each iteration.
>   - `probability` *required when strategy is "probabilistic"*: an integer between 1 and 100 representing the percentage chance of reset for each generated value.
>   - `reset_after_n` *required when strategy is "after_n"*: an integer specifying the number of values to generate before resetting the counter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `counter_reset` (optional, only applicable when `counter: true`): Configures how and when the counter should reset. It has the following sub-fields:
  - `strategy` (required): Defines the reset strategy. Possible values are:
    - `"random"`: Resets the counter at random intervals.
    - `"probabilistic"`: Resets the counter based on a probability.
    - `"after_n"`: Resets the counter after a specific number of iterations.
  - `probability` (required when `strategy: "probabilistic"`): An integer between 1 and 100 representing the percentage chance of reset for each generated value.
  - `reset_after_n` (required when `strategy: "after_n"`): An integer specifying the number of values to generate before resetting the counter.
```

> Note: The `counter_reset` configuration is only applicable when `counter` is set to `true`. 

Reviewer: this is already mentioned in line 18 too; do you this is needed?
